I was being later Change last on effect. Your charge. You're gonna start
it off. Shit. So, results, it's your responsibility. You think you
can get away with some leave and literally please, Please, Max. I
understand, though that ships goes off, life goes on 24 7365 It was
a without you. Do you have have you put in place love checks and balances?
Do you trust your number two? Your resentment of all, sir, to
run the ship and get the ship away if, uh, leader runs is, um bullshit
into ST Thomas Virgin idols. We dropped the hook swinging on all
Get Theo on as tenant. I told move the ship. Okay. Our master came
out move the ship because we were in the swing pattern for the cruise
ship that was not supposed to. He came in and had not moved. Uh, probably
sweat. So that's always won on Move your ship. Your washing
so you could affect your travel. You know, as TV opposition. Go on travel
safe travel. And I'm also sending in my time. I've seen many officers
that never left the ship that I was one of three have is that
I did not enjoy. I have never left his ship. Commander never made
captain on. And, uh, you know, you're has it from your right or life
else.